default font (**is** is hard to see the dot)
minimize CSS
404 page (nginx.conf?)
register all routes with frozen flask in case links in templates are changed?
highlight menu items when you are on that page?
In order to use an egg do not copy files for 'start'
specify versions in install_requires?
pagination?
size tags on post page?
use rst, ascidoc, etc, (extension for flask-pages?)
analytics
If you don't have a trailing slash it tries to download a binary file
make an nginx.conf?
serve command has output twice.
preprocess calculate width of nav li elements?
translations? (automatically select the correct language based on request headers)
order commands in help?
If preview is running and you update a post you will not see changes until you build again (preview flask app? instead of static folder?)
document how to maintain
be able to sort posts directory?
tell you which files have changed in build?
keep track of updates for 'updated' in feed?
Atom feed per tag
global author setting?
specify version in requirements in setup.py

###Docs
- how to use another theme, basically replace templates
- what is the difference between pages and posts

rstblog

I didn't like that you had to create the year month day folders yourself
should be able to have a directory of all posts
meta tags? description author etc
why do I need all of the files in the _templates folder? Why can't I just override by having one or using default by not
should serve the non build version or run build right before serving
if you change layout.html you have to delete build in order to see changes, just running build will not over right since those files didn't change.
no .yml and how to access those variables? use in templates
next shouldn't be a link on last page of archive
No Docs
- commands
- in layout.html where does links come from?
- ads
- why have a htmlhead in layout.html? Do I need it?
- not maintained

pelican
it creates all of these files WHY
it doesn't make it easier to use template and static obviously you are going to change those
soo many settings

###Change log
- posts are sorted
- Tags are sized based on number of times used
- Can add custom meta tags and use in templates
- Can override templates
- Separate folders for posts (think blog) and pages (about, etc)
